I see a black pilot.
I'm gonna be like boy, I hope he's qualified.
Context.
Don't you think it was a irresponsible statement?
It's suggesting that maybe these pilots aren't qualified
or unqualified?
No.
But I'll tell you exactly what I said and why I said it.
Okay, go ahead.
I said, if I, the pretext, I went through a whole window.
I said, United Airlines is saying that they want
40% of all their pilots to be people of color or women.
We have learned that we have relaxed standards anytime
that we try to reach Rachel quotas.
Anytime we reach Rachel quotas, we relax the standards.
Standards for air traffic control,
professors or college admissions.
Therefore, when it comes to pilots or surgeons,
if I see somebody who is black, as I said in the show,
I'm going to hope that that person is qualified.
That's what I said, which of course is legitimate
because they're begging the question,
we're not hiring based on merit anymore.
We're hiring based on race.
So when you see a black pilot, you wonder,
boy, is that person there because they earned it
or because they were placed there?
That's what DEI does.
It makes you ask questions you otherwise would not ask.
So the airline industry is going to take an unqualified person
just based off the version of the underqualified.
We're not on.
Yeah, underqualified.
Underqualified, underqualified, whatever.
Uncertified and put them in a cockpit and risk people's lives.
Those are two different things.
Under and on are two different things.
Of course, United Airlines will not take someone off the side
of the street and put them in a pilot.
But in order to reach a 40% goal, they might cut corners.
They might accelerate the process in order to reach a goal.
We know this through all sorts of DEI examinations
and projects over the last 10 years.
When you have to choose in life, either excellence
or racial quotas will end up being the most important.
And both cannot simultaneously exist.
It's never happened before.
OK, so when we talk about DEI, well, who benefits the most
because black people really don't.
It's only like maybe 3% to 4% of black people actually
benefit from those programs.
So who benefits the most?
I'm not sure your question.
I mean, theoretically, if 40% of all pilots
end up being black people are people.
But that's not.
I actually looked it up.
It's only like maybe about 6% of black people.
That goal is 40%.
That's the point.
That's actually a great point.
So they wanted to go from 6% to 40%.
And so you have to wonder, boy, you go from 6% to 40%.
There's going to be a relaxing of standards.
